# OMOCCE
A perma-death tile-bases rpg set on another planet with a rich,
multilayered storyline, complex gameplay built with high risk high reward
mechanics, and an engaging political and economic system.

Goals:

) Simulated story that progresses based on player, ai, political and economical
interaction (or lack thereof). This includes seemingly random events (such as
death of any NPC under any circumstance)

) Simulated political system for several factions. Communication takes place
between factions via messengers (bird, man, etc), several behaviours between one
faction can have various effects

) Simulated social system similar to the political system but for individuals

) Simulated economic system where trade can occur among all individuals, most
notabaly local or travelling merchants, adventurers with loot, or even the
common with common goods

) Simulation of all NPCs (or groups iff in a different map than player). Mobs
will frequently reproduce and travel, inhabiting various locations. Townsfolk
will perform their duties to get resources and try to live a comfortable life

) Warfare with several factions fighting each other for political or economic
reasons

) A combat system designed on momentum, planning ahead, and reading your
opponent's next move.

) No levelling system. Proficiency at a skill is from using it.
An importance is played on gear, party members, and losing being a viable
option.

) A party system that will allow members to manage their own gear, be commanded
(though unnecessary), and most importantly be a witness to your adventure. All
of them have various expectations, emotions, etc and talking to them is more
than just plot advancement.

) A mix between handcrafted and procedurally generated AI, the latter being
only generated during development.

) A morale system that is not forced onto the player. Whether the player abides
is optional but it may affect political alignment.

) A dialogue system that allows for conversation to be taken between multiple
NPCs while anyone nearby can still observe depending on their volume.

) Hand made maps (and of course tools to create these) - made by both player
    and AI

) A time system that forces quick thinking

# Example:

A travelling group of Eykin pass nearby a towne and hole up near a cave. A
villager is travelling to this towne to sell some excess wheat he farmed. He
spots the Eykin tracks (they are large and distinct compared to other mobs, but
the tracks are too old to know how many are in the group) and decides they are
close enough to warrant warning the towne guards. The towne guard sends a scout
to report information and is killed along the way. After two days without the
scout's return, the towne sends a large group to handle this. The tracks at this
point have whithered which makes it hard to navigate, and by the time they
arrive the cave had been abandoned. Reporting a failed expedition eith a
casualty of one, the mayor of the Towne blames this on a man high in command of
the guards and might try to get him deranked. Meanwhile, you are on the other
side of the globe. or, maybe, you planted the tracks there, killed the scout and
hid his body for malicious reasons.


# Story:

This section contains spoilers, though a lot of important pieces are omitted.

You will arrive at an undetermined location. By arrive I mean, you are have
arrived in another person's body. 
